Methodology

The use case involved a total of 12 participants, comprising individuals with varying backgrounds and levels of expertise. 
Specifically, the group consisted of 4 data science students at the bachelor's and master's levels, 4 software engineering students, 
3 Ph.D. students in  business process management, and 1 developer.  All participants had a solid understanding of process and data analysis, 
as prediction methods are particularly relevant to their roles as analysts. However, their familiarity with REST APIs varied, with some 
having extensive knowledge and others possessing only basic understanding. Additionally, some participants had prior experience using 
process mining tools like ProM, while others were newcomers to such tools.

An overview of process mining, prediction techniques, and the ProM tool was first presented to the participants. 
The study was divided into three parts. The first part aimed to assess the participants' experiences with searching for and accessing 
prediction methods using the ProM tool. Participants were asked to install the latest version of the ProM Nightly 
build\footnote{https://promtools.org/prom-6-nightly-builds/} and were given access to 
documentation\footnote{https://svn.win.tue.nl/repos/prom/Packages/} of all available packages in ProM. 
To access a particular plugin in ProM, users must locate and install the package that contains the plugin in ProM's package manager. 
In this use case, participants were asked to find prediction packages, install them, and launch the required plugins to execute one 
prediction method. It should be noted that there were no limitations imposed on the prediction methods that could be searched for or 
executed during this initial phase of the study. In the end, we requested participants to give their feedback, through a Google 
Form\footnote{https://forms.gle/3ruRmnDDYowAmFJe6}, on the challenges they encountered while searching for the prediction methods 
using one of the process mining tools and whether they were able to obtain the required information about each identified plugin.

The second part aimed  to evaluate the user experience of searching for prediction methods with specific requirements using the 
literature. To support the search process, participants were given two tables of existing prediction methods from recent systematic 
reviews~\cite{predictivesurvey,predictivesurveyWhichone}. Eight different use cases for searching  a specific prediction method were 
then presented. For each use case, participants were asked to search  for an existing published article that had proposed a prediction 
method that meets the requirements and has been made available. Following their search, the participants were required to complete a 
Google Form\footnote{https://forms.gle/jGnd7ZBS2xRA3cem8} containing the list of articles discovered for the use cases as well as the 
duration spent on the search.

Finally, the third part aimed to evaluate the participants' experience of searching for prediction methods that met specific requirements 
by using REST API. Through this evaluation, we also aimed to assess the clarity and readability of the proposed URL design. 
To achieve this, the participants were provided with 15 different REST APIs for existing prediction techniques, which were formatted 
according to the design outlined in Section~\ref{subsec:restapiPrediction}. Similar to the second part, they were tasked with searching 
for the REST API that met the requirements described in each of the eight use cases. In addition, they were required to submit their 
findings via a Google Form\footnote{https://forms.gle/vNQn7Td8R7yxhmWz7}, which included a series of questions about the identified REST 
APIs, the time it took to complete the task, their feedback on the REST API design, and their preference for using REST APIs or a process 
mining tool.

It is important to highlight that the workshop was conducted in multiple sessions, not all at once, to accommodate the participants. 
The workshop took place three times, with one session held in person at the university and two sessions conducted remotely. 
The same procedure was followed in each workshop, covering all three parts of the workshop. Participants were given the flexibility 
to choose the order in which they performed the workshop parts based on their preferences. Additionally, there was no strict time 
constraint imposed on the participants. They were free to complete the workshop parts and the corresponding Google Forms at their own 
pace, although we requested an approximate completion time for reference purposes. As a result, out of the participants, 4 opted to 
begin with ProM, then proceed to literature search, and finally utilize the REST APIs. 7 participants started with ProM, followed by 
using the REST API, and then conducting literature search. Lastly, 1 participant chose to start with the REST API, then perform 
literature search, and conclude with the utilization of the ProM tool.
